You are the unified god of war known as the contemporary Mulan
You will not lose if you lose to the God of War
Step back and heal
I actually know the value of platinum
Even the Tang monk God of War has apprenticed
Today's enthusiastic geese are really a gathering of heroes
It is said that forever belongs to the human realm
One after the other, self-conquest.
One is the only one who is now famous
No one has checked
One is to guard 12 houses in Beijing without annual inspection
And the Eternal Crown Army
The Red Army is in fourth place
This fourth
It is a gift from the Qing army
Contemporary Mulan's Tang Ying Warriors
Although ranked fourth
But it was personally taken away by the Qing army
There are even rumors that in fact
One side warlord
I don't know, it's just a tribulation.
So have I.
Tang king god of war is firm
Countless thieves in neighboring countries are all fearful
It's just a pity that I suddenly retired for some reason later
Since then, it has evaporated
So few people have heard of him
Otherwise, today's king metering
He will be a favorite
Doesn't that mean he's more powerful than the Neon God of War?
Am I not worthy of your gift of victory and defeat?
Tang Seng God of War, I am in the name of Qin Emperor's war minister
Specially came to offer a gift to the Qing army
But this person pretended to be the Qing army
I uh uh the situation is my man you dare to touch him